(javascript) update parameters and formatting of some references (#1912)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/javascript/sign-up/sign-up.mdx

  - `string | null`

  The user's first name. Only supported if [name](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/email-phone-username) is enabled.

  ---

  - `lastName`
  - `string | null`

  The user's last name. Only supported if [name](https://dashboard.clerk.com/last-active?path=user-authentication/email-phone-username) is enabled.

  ---

  - `password`
  - `string | null`

  The user's password. Only supported if [password](/docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options#authentication-strategies) is enabled.

  ---

  - `emailAddress`
  - `string | null`

  The user's email address. Only supported if [email address](/docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options#identifiers) is enabled. Keep in mind that the email address requires an extra verification process.

  ---

  - `phoneNumber`
  - `string | null`

  The user's phone number in [E.164 format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E.164). Only supported if [phone number](/docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options#identifiers) is enabled. Keep in mind that the phone number requires an extra verification process.

  ---

  - `web3Wallet`
  - `string | null`

>   **Required** if [Web3 authentication](/docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options#web3-authentication) is enabled.<br />The Web3 wallet address, made up of 0x + 40 hexadecimal characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Required** if [Web3 authentication](/docs/authentication/configuration/sign-up-sign-in-options#web3-authentication) is enabled. The Web3 wallet address, made up of 0x + 40 hexadecimal characters.
```

  ---

  - `redirectUrl`
  - `string`

>   If `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`, it is the full URL or path that the OAuth provider should redirect to, on successful authorization on their part. Typically, this will be a simple `/sso-callback` route that calls [`Clerk.handleRedirectCallback`](/docs/references/javascript/clerk/handle-navigation#handle-redirect-callback) or mounts the [`<AuthenticateWithRedirectCallback />`](/docs/components/control/authenticate-with-callback) component. See the [custom flow](/docs/custom-flows/oauth-connections) for implementation details.<br />If `strategy` is set to `'email_link'`, it is the URL that the user will be redirected to when they visit the email link. See the [custom flow](/docs/custom-flows/email-links) for implementation details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`, this specifies full URL or path that the OAuth provider should redirect to after successful authorization on their part. Typically, this will be a simple `/sso-callback` route that either calls [`Clerk.handleRedirectCallback`](/docs/references/javascript/clerk/handle-navigation#handle-redirect-callback) or mounts the [`<AuthenticateWithRedirectCallback />`](/docs/components/control/authenticate-with-callback) component. See the [custom flow](/docs/custom-flows/oauth-connections) for implementation details. 
  
  If `strategy` is set to `'email_link'`, this specifies the URL that the user will be redirected to when they visit the email link. See the [custom flow](/docs/custom-flows/email-links) for implementation details.
```

  ---

  - `actionCompleteRedirectUrl`
  - `string`

  **Optional** if `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`.<br />The URL that the user will be redirected to, after successful authorization from the OAuth provider and Clerk sign in.

  ---

  - `ticket`
  - `string`

>   **Required** if `strategy` is set to `'ticket'`.<br />The [ticket _or token_](/docs/custom-flows/invitations#create-the-sign-up-flow) generated from the Backend API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Required** if `strategy` is set to `'ticket'`. The [ticket _or token_](/docs/custom-flows/invitations#create-the-sign-up-flow) generated from the Backend API.
```

  ---

  - `transfer`
  - `boolean`

  When set to `true`, the `SignUp` will attempt to retrieve information from the active `SignIn` instance and use it to complete the sign-up process. This is useful when you want to seamlessly transition a user from a sign-in attempt to a sign-up attempt.

  ---

  - `legalAccepted`
  - `boolean`

  A boolean indicating whether the user has agreed to the [legal compliance](/docs/authentication/configuration/legal-compliance) documents.

  ---

  - `oidcPrompt`
  - `string`

>   **Optional** if `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`.<br />The value to pass to the [OIDC `prompt` parameter](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#:~:text=prompt,reauthentication%20and%20consent.) in the generated OAuth redirect URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Optional** if `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`. The value to pass to the [OIDC `prompt` parameter](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#:~:text=prompt,reauthentication%20and%20consent.) in the generated OAuth redirect URL.
```

  ---

  - `oidcLoginHint`
  - `string`

>   **Optional** if `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`.<br />The value to pass to the [OIDC `login_hint` parameter](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#:~:text=login_hint,in%20\(if%20necessary\).) in the generated OAuth redirect URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Optional** if `strategy` is set to `'oauth_<provider>'` or `'enterprise_sso'`. The value to pass to the [OIDC `login_hint` parameter](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#:~:text=login_hint,in%20\(if%20necessary\).) in the generated OAuth redirect URL.
```
